[ENG-5836][docs] add note about --message flag for eas build (#18491)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/setup.md

<Terminal cmd={['$ eas build --platform ios']} />

> > You can attach a message to the build by passing `--message` to the build command, e.g. `eas build --platform ios --message "Some message"`. The message will appear on the website. It comes in handy when you want to leave a note with the purpose of the build for your team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can attach a message to the build by passing `--message` to the build command, for example, `eas build --platform ios --message "Some message"`. The message will appear on the website. It comes in handy when you want to leave a note with the purpose of the build for your team.
```
